{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 User: Brandon\
Age: 35\
Occupation: Freelancer\
Martial Status: Single\
\
Objective:  To create a Site to start a business with Pet Sitting.  Wants to take his own experience with caring for animals of 25+ years of animal care\
\
Goal For Client: To bring in customers who need someone to look after or perform various tasks in caring for their pets.  It would be ideal to have several customers per week. \
\
Budget:  Budget  is very low.  Wants to start paying me when he receives some sort of net income and I receive a percentage of it.  Luckily my client is my friend and I need experience anyways.  This becomes a valid opportunity for myself to gain trust with him and future clients if I do my job properly. \
\
Websites Primary Purpose:  To Attract customers who may need someone to care for their animals for various of reasons Website is to be able to provide an easy user experience using the site.  Like any business, this website is to solve the problems of many people and Brandon is looking to be the solution when it comes to superior quality care for her customers pets. \
\
Target Audience:  anyone that is ages 18+ who owns pets that are friendly and does not oppose a threat to herself. People who care about their pets and want to provide them with superior quality care. \
\
Name of Business: Orlando Dog Days\
\
Services Provided: Dog Walking, Freshen food/water bowls, playtime, Lots of love and attention, pick up poo or clean letterbox, potty breaks, bring in mail (Keep an eye on the home), take animals to vet appointments(such as grooming), package dealing with multiple animals at once\
\
Additional Information:  Erica wants to sell services for caring for animals.  She would prefer to take care of cats and dogs due to lack of experience with any other animals.  So the site will be targeting those with cats and dogs.  She does own her own vehicle.  It is a Honda Civic making transportation reliable. Very minimal to car problems. All her life she has owned pets growing up as a child.  She has plenty of experience when it comes to taking care of her own pets.  She is aware that some people care for their animals differently but relatively they are all the same.  So, she does some of her own research on ways of properly caring for her pets.  Such as, she has to ask her self what to do in certain situations.  What would happen if the pet she is contracted to care for gets injured and/or is in a fight with another animal such as two dogs fighting.  Erica has educated herself quit  a bit and is looking to utilize this knowledge. She did not know how to really start this business so she asked some of her friends and did some internet search on what she will need to do to even think about starting a pet sitting service. \
\
\
\
\
\
 \
Resources: \
Best Practices for creating Scenarios\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.justinmind.com/blog/how-to-design-user-scenarios/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://www.justinmind.com/blog/how-to-design-user-scenarios/}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
Happy Home Site\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://happyathome-fm.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul https://happyathome-fm.com/}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
KMV\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kmvandfriends.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul https://kmvandfriends.com/}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
Bark\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.barksandrecfargo.com/home-services"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul https://www.barksandrecfargo.com/home-services}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
How To Start a Pet Sitting Business\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://howtostartanllc.com/business-ideas/pet-sitting"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul https://howtostartanllc.com/business-ideas/pet-sitting}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}